Introduce AI policy for GSoC (#1361)
apple/swift-org-website: gsoc2026/index.md

If you would like to reach out to a mentor privately rather than making a public forum post, and the forums are not allowing you to send private messages yet, please reach out to Konrad Malawski at `ktoso AT apple.com` directly via email with the `[gsoc2026]` tag in the email subject and describe the project you would like to work on. We will route you to the appropriate mentor. In general, public communications on the forums are preferred though, as this is closer to the normal open-source way of getting things done in the Swift project.

## Participating in GSoC

Summer of Code is a *learning experience*, and while we allow the use of AI tools to assist your experience, you should not use them to completely automate any part of your GSoC experience with the Swift project.
For example, please do not use AI tools to generate project proposals, replies to discussions or questions from the community or mentors, or overly rely on coding assistants to perform the coding tasks of your project.
Make use of this experience to learn about the Swift project, community, and let us learn about you! It should be an enjoyable and personal experience for everyone involved.

> For more details, please review the Swift project's guidelines on [use of AI tools in learning-oriented contributions](https://github.com/swiftlang/project-operations/blob/main/contributing/ai-tools.md#learning-oriented-contributions).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, please review the Swift project's guidelines on [use of AI tools in learning-oriented contributions](https://github.com/hborla/project-operations/blob/3d9dc3634ee4bdf4a5de47f6237b857ab88be82f/contributing/ai-tools.md#learning-oriented-contributions).
```

> For more details, please review the Swift project's guidelines on [use of AI tools in learning-oriented contributions](https://github.com/hborla/project-operations/blob/3d9dc3634ee4bdf4a5de47f6237b857ab88be82f/contributing/ai-tools.md#learning-oriented-contributions).

Reviewer: Why are we pointing to a fork on the official website?
